minor doc fixes (#279)
rapidsai/kvikio: cpp/doxygen/main_page.md

### Conda/Mamba

> We strongly recommend using [mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) inplace of conda, which we will do throughout the documentation.

Reviewer: <!-- Nitpicks are trivial preference-based requests. These should be non-blocking by nature.  -->
**nitpick (non-blocking):** ‏

```suggestion
We strongly recommend using [mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) in place of conda, which we will do throughout the documentation.
```
